This only took me 35 years to do, but I'm finally going to have my own brand new Pac-Man cabinet (cabaret version, because that's all that will fit in my house): Over the past few months, I've been getting the parts needed: The arcade board, Pac2Jamma converter board, Jamma harness, RGB to VGA video converter, Jamma power supply, and a 15" LCD Monitor (the Cabaret cabs used a 13" CRT... this and the coin door are the only places I'm changing the original configuration): This pic shows the non-standard coin-door, the light, speaker grill and speaker (in the wrapping), and various switches. The coin door is one I already had, and the 'Boulder Arcade Factory' (link below) said they would modify the coin door opening to fit the one I have! This pic shows the Marquee, Monitor Bezel, and completed Control Panel, all new! I also have the woodgrain vinyl for the sides and front, that match the original cabinet very closely. Most of the things I acquired were from eBay (the vinyl, marquee, monitor bezel, jamma harness and power supply). Most of the other parts (i.e. clamps switches, etc.) were from www.mikesarcade.com The control panel and overlay was the last one from someone on one of the arcade message boards who made new ones. I added the wood underneath, joystick and buttons. Finally, all I need is the cabinet itself, and I'm getting it here: http://boulderarcadefactory.com/Pacman.cabaret.php#album John at Boulder Arcade Factory is very pleasant to deal with, and very professional. I would recommend them to anyone looking to get an exact replica of an arcade cabinet built. They have me on a list, and will only be able to get to it in February, which gave me time to get the parts I needed. In case you are wondering, I've got the Popeye/Hangly-Man version of the rom board there. The reason for this, is the first time I saw a cabaret cabinet back in the day it had this version of the game in it. I also have Regular Pac-Man roms, and a Ms. Pac-Man board to swap out when I feel like it. So, this will be built with all new parts. EDIT - 04/29/2016 Here are the pictures of the construction, after receiving the cabinet. You will see the six boards I put in the cabinet. They all have Pac -> Jamma converters on them and I am using a Jamma 6 switch to go between them. I've removed the 'wireless' part and am using a manual rotary switch. I like it.